They may come at us with sticks and stones, but we must stand our ground.
Everyone deserves a chance. You can't tolerate intolerance of that.
We cannot fight through to peace with bloodshed. We might fight through with our own peace.
Be kind, be brave, be loving. Be and most of all, be better.
Almost every day we are challenged to help or to turn away. We might not meet this challenge every day. But every time we do, it's worth it.
Bigotry anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. Because hate breeds hate.
It is not enough to merely defeat our enemies. To achieve true victory, we must also defeat that part of ourselves.
When we fall silent about the things that matter, we have lost. When we surrender our friends our of fear, we become an instrument of hate.
Do not fight fear and ignorance with the same. Fight it with compassion and understanding.
The people of the worlds must pledge themselves for themselves, to a higher calling than a town or city. They must pledge themselves to each other.
Our mettle is determined not by how we stand when we are safe, but by our willingness to stand our ground when we are not.
A conscience is not a burden- it is what tells keeps you from burdening yourself with hate.
You never know what you live for until you know what- and who- you're willing to die for.
Do not let the veils of willful ignorance and deliberate stupidity block you from doing what is right.
Justice is not an act, it is a lifestyle.
We are never as good as we think we are, nor our are enemies as evil as we want them to be.
We fight out of fear, fear out of ignorance, and ignore out of misunderstanding. Take the time to talk to everyone.
I may only be a single soul. But I help in all the little ways I can.
Who are you in the dark?
Do not ask yourself what will happen if you help. Ask yourself what will happen if you don't.
The smallest silence is louder than the largest protest.
The only time for equality, is now.
In this world, peace is extremism. And thus we fight against bloodshed itself.
An eye for an eye renders the whole world blind.
Apart, we can change little. Together, we stand a chance.
No one can take our dignity. We can only abandon it.